Besides, thank you very much for coming today .
here you go
Yes Thank you and together with Snoopy Today
It is have you appeared two pieces birthday celebration was please rushed
Piece is of wait 梵's
Welcome to Sayuri Hate
Yes I did thank you Radio touch and that b
Thank you very much
I widget little Snoopy Shaven the Suneke is Te little Hagushi here
You will be leaving for a while, but it's okay .
It's been an hour, so there's a stars loop, thank you
Thank you
Thank you so much for singing and dancing as much as you have
Nuqui etc. Thank you also
Yes this time everyone good morning
In advance of Snoopy's birthday, challenge the goods collaboration of this event
By
2 shoes will be introduced here for the first time yes
I'm coming a little now
Will this be the goods I collaborated this time?
May I introduce you the next cleaning ? Yes
I still feature dark but
It is a regular guy
strap
Smartphone case
Ne
To a large court
Oh okay not you already say
Oh say surgery + good I I did not when I'm soooo
Here of that this kind of about a ring of dough
Futei is this is you are over
It is but um
Image like this image
I have had who have What about these images is a
So since I have been aware of the woman put it art of war March
When even semifinals p maintenance The number p year prefecture or heart a little Luo say that wearing braces
So very maha little but i yes
A little more of the flower is a day.
Like TV and the point is a book of this grass is said to do to stand funny'm different Is that person et al.
So have a book
Split ends of or wearing usual home of Force
Because there are many things to do
Such a little intellectual feeling so super docomo
Of the finger guard
I like the fact that it is Ueno hairy
Cancer forgive also feeling God today without I'm dojo
You think I want such a thing and our wit
There are various thought wow Do of cute, but I end up buying sect lot I still
Right
There is such an anger Booby or less Oh noo paper school
It does not one home likely to in fact that was to the head therapy is not Guttsuri
Thank you more than yes
In fact anger is that from the other catch tape Ikeru smoked doing following Oh so Satie Buba
Pin Dattari dinosaurs or performed in plays one half
Paku Tsu by all means
Karaii that plays say
While ago the first time I was there like great since I was I saying earlier children to feel had
In fact just the p
Sand Date is pupil purchase something my physical cupbearer only a little but wow I was me selling at me
Since Naa not you good opinion that I got pot 3'm a collaboration Fuji City
In fact, this August 10 has always been
Amy Jovi , the brother of the soul, because it 's a line of emotion
Yes I would like the political Tsu still select the person who came in this event tree full
Thank you
It is really a cat 's art day and this time congratulations etc.
And that kind of
This is also Toka feel that contains a lot of I image has been goods came also means because beneath
Yeah
And we too
Same day as Suzuki
A beloved by the people
Because we want to give familiar with Do not exist thank you by all means ask
I liked since I was a child, such as say a smooth stop
Do think Yakult that Surupin happy just doing actually doing
Nau was so-so other
It's a Juro science pattern I was
Especially from Snoopy
I can not go it to say that I like
this year because it is the dimension when subjected to the words of as groovy was because I did in this year's cat
I can not win
I understand that Suzuki is weak from here , then you're snp and my
Boo j
It is the same among these
This kind of divination do you are here I here I am have phlegm
It may be sold or not the right expression
Because I like after Los Decontamination
Hey Will not you say in it have you, saying,
It is better to have a wish
That
Thank you by all means Thank you so I have more than you Snuty
We will end the Inter 2012 press conference